W 10673773 apicatalog updates for ga bsj (#189)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/api-catalog.adoc

// tag::conf-command[]

[[conf-command]]
== api-catalog conf

----
> api-catalog conf <authkey> <authkeyvalue> [options] 
----

<authkey>

The authentication key you want to use, such as an authentication environment variable or command option. 

<authkeyvalue>

The value for the authentication key.

This command accepts the following options: 

[%header,cols="20a,80a"]
|===
| Option | Description 

| -d, --delete | Delete the configuration file. 

| -h, --help | Show the command help. 

| -k, --key=key | Authentication key for the configuration file. This is the value from the file that you want to operate on. 

| -v, --value=value | Authentication value for the key.

|===

// end::conf-command[]

// tag::create-descriptor-command[]

[[create-descriptor-command]]
== api-catalog create-descriptor

----
> api-catalog create-descriptor [options] 
----

This command accepts the xref:apicat-use-api-catalog-cli.adoc#common-options[common options] in addition to the following options: 

[%header,cols="20a,80a"]
|===
| Option | Description 
| -f, --file=file |
Default: `catalog.yaml`

The name and location in which to save the generated catalog descriptor file.

> |  --external | Generates an exchange.json file for each API described in the descriptor file.

Reviewer: I believe we mono filenames so `exchange.json`

Reviewer: I may have missed this elsewhere

> |  --external | Generates an exchange.json file for each API described in the descriptor file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  --external | Generates an `exchange.json` file for each API described in the descriptor file.
```

|===

// end::create-descriptor-command[]

// tag::update-descriptor-command[]

[[update-descriptor-command]]
== api-catalog update-descriptor

----
> api-catalog update-descriptor [options] 
----

This command accepts the xref:apicat-use-api-catalog-cli.adoc#common-options[common options] in addition to the following option: 

[%header,cols="20a,80a"]
|===
| Option | Description 
| -d, --descriptor-file=descriptor-file |
Default: `catalog.yaml`

The name and location in which to save the updated catalog descriptor file information.
|===

// end::update-descriptor-command[]

// tag::publish-asset-command[]

[[publish-asset-command]]
== api-catalog publish-asset

----
> api-catalog publish-asset [options] 
----

This command accepts the xref:apicat-use-api-catalog-cli.adoc#common-options[common options] in addition to the following options: 

[%header,cols="20a,80a"]
|===
| Option | Description 

| --async |  Run the publish job asynchronously. 

|  -d, --descriptor-file=descriptor-file 

or

ANYPOINT_DESCRIPTOR_FILE environment variable

 | Default:  ./catalog.yaml 
 
The name and location of the catalog descriptor file.  

>   * If the file does not exist, no assets are cataloged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If the file does not exist, the command does not catalog any assets.
```

just trying to ditch the passive, not sure if this works for you

Author: I made a few intentional exceptions to active voice for stronger language. Our style guide does allow for some passive voice.

  * If the file exists but is empty, the command creates and prints the catalog descriptor YAML results. It outputs cataloging information for all API specifications it finds in the full directory tree relative to the current working directory.
  * If a valid YAML file exists, the command catalogs the assets as specified. 
  
See xref:apicat-create-descriptor-file-cli#create-desc-file-cli[Create a Descriptor File Using the CLI]. 

> | --dry-run | Runs the command to verify that the descriptor file is valid. No APIs are published. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --dry-run | Runs the command to verify that the descriptor file is valid. This command does not publish APIs. 
```

| --force-publish |  Bypasses the comparison and 
 creates a new version of the asset in Exchange regardless of the content.

| --force-update-metadata | Updates the asset's metadata, such as tags, in the latest version in Exchange regardless of the content. This does not republish the asset. 

| --json | Prints the execution result in JSON format. 

> | -s, --silent | Enable silent logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -s, --silent | Enables silent logging.
```

Reviewer: I just noticed that the verb is sometimes with an s and sometimes without throughout the doc. Can you confirm or pick one or the other?

See xref:apicat-create-descriptor-file-manually.adoc#descriptor-yaml[Descriptor YAML Schema]. 

|===

// end::publish-asset-command[]

// tag::common-options[]

[[common-options]]
== Common Options

Following are options that are common to most of the API Catalog commands.

[%header,cols="20a,80a"]
|===
| Option | Description 

| --client-id=client-id 

or

ANYPOINT_CLIENT_ID environment variable

| Connected app client ID.  

See xref:apicat-use-api-catalog-cli.adoc#authentication[Authentication].

| --client-secret 

or

ANYPOINT_CLIENT_SECRET environment variable

| Prompt for the Connected App secret for the client ID. Set the environment variable to avoid the prompt for the client secret.  
 
See xref:apicat-use-api-catalog-cli.adoc#authentication[Authentication].

| --collectMetrics

| Collect metrics.  

| --environment=environment 

or

ANYPOINT_ENV environment variable

  | (Required) 
  
The ID of the Anypoint Platform environment where the APIs are cataloged.  
 
|   --host=host

or

ANYPOINT_HOST environment variable

 | (Required) 

Default: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`

The Anypoint Platform base 

> URL. It must be specified using HTTPS protocol. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL. You must specify it using HTTPS protocol. 
```
